welcome to the rooftop of our apartment
in chiang mai thailand we've been in
thailand for two weeks now and the
reason why we're making this super
random video on this rooftop is because
we have two positions open at yes theory
and we want them to be filled by people
in our community meaning two of you guys
we believe that the only and most
effective way for us to keep spreading
the yes theory message to more people
around the world is by tapping into the
talent of this community and that's what
this video is about today first position
we're hiring a graphic designer
we need somebody to help us make new
designs for the seat discovered clothing
line every single month and help us with
design on various other yes theory
projects you might have so the way to
apply for this position will be by
redesigning the yes theory logo and all
the details for how to apply and about
this application will be in the
description second position we're hiring
a badass storyteller and editor to come
join us in la for the past six months
we've tried to fill this position but no
one has so far successfully been able to
add their own taste and creativity
into our editing so we need someone that
can not only edit a yesterday we episode
but enhance it make it ten twenty thirty
percent better than what it already is
ideally you're probably American or can
work in the US but if you're not and you
think you're up to the task
definitely feel free to apply there's
always a way for us to figure out visas
all the further details and selection
criteria will be in the description of
this video as well so if you or anyone
that you know is up for this challenge
make sure you send them this video
you've got two weeks to apply starting
right now
[Music]